# Ancient Grass

Intro:

In a small remote village, there was a young (boy/girl) and (his/her) mother. The little (boy/girl) loved (his/her) mother, and always thought that (his/her) mother Mary was a very special person.
Life was quiet and peaceful in the village. The (boy/girl) would help Mary scavenge for herbs in the forest.
They would use these herbs to create tonics and assorted remedies for the village's illnesses.
Mary was on the route to becoming a renown herbalist in the region, until one night everything changed.
(Player name) was sound asleep in (his/her) bed when there was a CRASH, as the door of their hut was shattered into splinters.
Mary bolted awake, and pulled a concealed dagger from her boot.
A scary looking (man?) strode into the hut. It had red skin, two pointy horns, and projected an aura of fear. Its face had long jagged scars running down one side of its face.
The little (boy/girl) shrunk into the shadows behind a wooden crate full of herbs. 
Mary rushed at it, and attempted to sink her dagger into the thing's heart.
It didn't even flinch, and allowed Mary to attack.
Her dagger bounced off of his skin, and sent her off balance.
It grabbed her with one hand, screamed "for the demon lord Azzar!" and killed her.
The demon whispers a few arcane words, and disappears.

7 Years later....

You never truly recovered from the trauma of your mother's death. Bosworth, a friend of your deceased mother, took you in after that fateful night. 
He treated you well, and raised you on stories of his old adventure's. He used to be a (Player class). 

Bosworth had the wisdom to know that you would 
never give up on (Bringing your mother's killer to justice/revenge), so he took it upon himself to teach you the basics so you might survive your journey.

Bosworth: Happy birthday (Player name)! You are now considered in society to be a (man/woman).
Bosworth: It is time for me to let you take your own path, if you choose. 
(Player name): So, you mean, I can finally hunt down my mother's killers?
Bosworth: Yes, if that is what you wish. I will give you my old equipment I used when adventuring, and you may leave tomorrow.

The next day:




Bosworth: I really need to sell my old adventuring gear, so I can buy that new ox. However, I wish to send you off with a parting gift of your choosing, so I will let you pick one item that you can take with you.

Items Offered:

[IF] Thief

Rusty steel lock pick.
Unbalanced dagger.
Leather breastplate.
Leather Boots of Soft Stepping

[IF] Wizard

Tattered Spellbook.
Splintering Quarterstaff
Stained Robe


[IF] Monk

Holy symbol of Faehau
Well Patched Robe

[IF] Ranger

Bosworth: Goodbye (Player name), I will miss you.
(Player name): I know. I will come and visit you when this is all done.
Bosworth: Have a safe journey, and make the most of your opportunities.
