After a long day of hard travel, you reach see a small village.
The village looks old and worn, and times appear to be tough.
As you near the town, you spot a inn & tavern on a corner of 2 streets.
The sign above reads "Corner Pub".
You push aside the door, and limp in.

The inside of the inn was dark. Some of the tables were scratched or cracked.
One table in particular looked like it had been abused by Herzes himself!
The regulars all turned to stare at you, sizing you up.
The regulars' eyes follow you as you walk to a seat at the bar.
A minute later they lose interest, and stop staring.

Innkeeper: I see you have traveled far today. 
Innkeeper: I'm afraid we are all out of our soup today, but I can get you a part of the chicken roasting, and the house ale.
(Playername): That will have to do, then.

Halfway through your meal you hear the door open.
Three men walk in.
They take a look at you, and walk up to the bar.
The first man looked like trouble.
The second one only served to confirm this, as he was twirling a knife around.

First man: Hey! You'r' in our seat!
Second man: Beat him up!
Innkeeper: No fighting! At least, no unsanctioned fighting.
Third man: It's fine, leave him alone.
Second man: I challange (him/her/it)!
Innkeeper: To what?
Second man: A fight!
Innkeeper: Do you accept?

1. "Yes": Player fights 2nd man
2. "No, I will not fight.": Player leaves tavern, and goes to a different one.

[IF] 1:

Initiate fight between second man and player.

[IF] player wins, the third man comes to talk to the player the next day.

Third man: I notice you handled yourself back there last night.
Third man: I'm sorry about those two. They had been deep into their tankard already.

1. "That's okay.": 

	The third man introduces himself as Liam. He seems like a decent guy.
	You spend the whole morning talking about yourselves. You look outside, and realize that it is now midday.

	A. "I need to go.":
		Liam: Okay, nice meeting you. Sorry again.

	B. "I need to go, my search for revenge must continue.":
		Liam: Revenge? What are you trying to get revenge for?

		1. "My mother's murder":
			Liam: That seems like a worthy cause. Did you need help?

			A: "Yes":
			Liam joins your party.
			B: "No":
			Liam: Goodbye then, and good luck.

	C. "I need to go, my journey must continue":
		
		TODO:


2. "How did you end up with those two? You seem different than them.":

THIRD PLAYER DOESN'T BELONG WITH THOSE TWO, WILL JOIN PLAYER PARTY